## Airport Layovers and vacation blues

Sitting at Newark airport - have two hours before I catch the train back to Philly

I'm hungover, constipated, and sunburned. I feel like I'm completely drained and I never want to drink again

Been thinking a lot about how I interact with my family. After spending five days with them, it feels like too much
and I feel exhausted not having any recovery time

I need a space to withdraw to. I need a space of my own where I have control. I can't do another trip like this
where I share a space with them for a long period of time. After a time I feel worthless that I have no control
over the situations - when I try to help I feel criticism, and all that makes me want to be a shell of a human
being that doesn't try to talk or connect to anyone, or do anything really

I feel that to a lesser extent with the MI boys. I don't feel like I am one of the main characters and I feel
left out, which only deepens the cycle and reinforces the believe like I don't belong

Also feel like that at work - I'm not in the inner circle - I'm getting left out - and it makes me less invested.
I withdraw - then I feel even less invested - then I further withdraw.

I need a way to manage my anxiety in general.
Excerise is great, but when I'm outside of my comfort zone
Meditation sounds like a good option, but I need to practice it
What feels like the best way is to withdraw and try to eliminate any stressors (see above), but thats
not always possible
I need to get more comfortable being uncomfortable, I want to feel the need for withdrawal mode much less
