## Post vegas debrief and MG updates

I can't believe how much fun I had hanging with Yessie, Lee, and Amanda. It was mostly the drugs
-- and the pure, unbridled, joy I was feeling.  I felt so free to be the weirdest version of myself,
to be able to let anything that came to my mind out, to talk about whatever, to dance however, none of it
mattered to anyone -- just that we were all having a good time. Even during the downtime, while we were
crashing at Amanda's, I felt like I was accepted, part of the group, even when I was being my grumpy,
isolated self.

I can't stop thinking about Amanda's friends (and friends of friends). I had such interesting conversations
with them. Is this what it could be like if I actually tried to have conversations with strangers? They were
interesting, I felt like I was interesting. Again, the drugs, but those conversations and connections felt
like the ideal, the goal I should be trying to achieve when meeting new people.

Went too hard on the last night though, I do have some regrets about that. Maybe if I don't take that last
hit of molly, I make it on the flight the next day and don't have the awful Monday of trying to work from the
plane. Yes, maybe I do deserve some of the lecturing I got from Molly when she picked me up. I was being
irresponsible and didn't prioritize getting myself home. I didn't deserve the rest of the lecture, I felt
judged for going out, making friends, and having a good time.

Then we had the post-flat tire conversations. I can't tell if this was Molly-stressed behavior, or if this is
typical Molly -- it felt like everything I said was blown out of proportion. e.g. I told girls in vegas I was
"mostly straight", leads to Molly saying: "This is you coming out to me" and her firmly believing that I'm
gay. Is this anxiety-induced, where her mind goes down the darkest path of what a statement could possibly
mean?

She's in Costa Rica now, she has an offer for a new job, I really hope this will do wonders for her stress
levels and her mental health. She does not handle stress well, and when she does get stressed, I become the
punching bag. I'm happy to help her manage it, and try to relieve it in healthy ways.  Cooking dinner for her,
going on hikes, giving her amazing orgasms, are all things I love to do for her. When the stress levels reach
a critical mass though, that's when it spills over and I feel like I have a target on my back.
